hello everyone with you club diamond and now
we
our knife coach of the year michael
ask about this situation
you're on the street and the kids are down the street
dark alley and then meet you
some kind of incomprehensible man start with
knife and you understand that lissandra
there is no sense in picking up a knife
escape from some her fear they are not the way
do you need a knife in the back and should run and if
run then how we ask this question how
just leave your question and it is not well in the
First you need to evaluate
adversary on his mental state
just adequate offender well
as far as possible adequate
the criminal he start the unthinkable
will lose burning it mentally
unbalanced to keep in a straight line from the knife
in fact in our throwing a lot
myths all watched a lot of movies
there are especially old Soviet flies
Basmachi skete that shoot now there
Generally a computer game
practically people don't even fly the same
throwing into circulation without turning us very
important feeling of distance you slept saga
man made back and forth and everything with us
it wo n't come as planned in
throw if you run on reception if you run
a direct chance of course so that you have
a man will fall but the same as the drawings
mid stone chance he will hit the blade
also not to see if if you still
you see that the person there is going to throw
better run like this in the army is called
anti-bullet zigzag that is so so
then he will not get that you probably
it makes sense to learn what knives
throwing
and the nose is not normal balancing
yes yes different balancing
naturally throwing a knife not
special simple us even more difficult but
again there is for example some kind of us there
heavy heavy blade will be received but
In principle, the most dangerous
this is something multifaceted and by asterisks
or the dam there is one thing well, because those
that they are of any axis
what are any facets
chances like
run on a man armed with a knife
need to run don't think if you saw in
dancing trying to throw at the ready
then you just have to keep them
and all the odds will get him
practically
you palmas write comments put
likes and we will shoot you another video on
our fight by the way write your questions in
comments we will try on them
reply bye